13.2.0 (#430)
MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [13.2.0]

> ### Uncategorized
> - Add MetaMetricsEvents ([#429](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/429))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- Add metrics events for Receive and Request ([#429](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/429))
  - Add `ReceiveRequest` variant to `MetaMetricsEvents` enum
  - Add `Navigation` variant to `MetaMetricsEventCategory` enum
```
